DOCS: update GPU config with info about install_NEO_OCL_driver.sh - for 22.1 (#13990)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/configurations-for-intel-gpu.md

## Linux

Once you have installed OpenVINO, to work with GPU, you need to install the **Intel® Graphics Compute Runtime for OpenCL™** driver components required to use the GPU plugin and write custom layers for Intel® Integrated Graphics. Those drivers are not included in the OpenVINO installation package, so OpenVINO provides a script to download and install them separately.

Do the following steps:

> 1. If you installed OpenVINO Runtime from the archive file, you can find the `install_NEO_OCL_driver.sh` script in the following directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you installed OpenVINO Runtime from the installer, APT, or YUM, you can find the `install_NEO_OCL_driver.sh` script in the following directory:
```

   ```sh
   cd <INSTALL_DIR>/install_dependencies/
   ```
   
   If you installed OpenVINO Runtime via PyPI, you can download the `install_NEO_OCL_driver.sh` script from the OpenVINO GitHub repository:
   ```sh

>    curl -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/releases/2022/2/scripts/install_dependencies/install_NEO_OCL_driver.sh --output install_NEO_OCL_driver.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   curl -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/releases/2022/1/scripts/install_dependencies/install_NEO_OCL_driver.sh --output install_NEO_OCL_driver.sh
```
